Nowadays, I'm an organizer in the meetup, and I was on the planning committee
for PyGotham this year. When I first pitched this talk idea to some of the 
other leadership, it was a barely formed idea. A concept I'd barely begun to
explore, but I got only one piece of feedback from them:

Absolutely submit that talk.

It was telling that a talk with almost zero technical merit got such a strong
reaction from my fellow organizers who are largely not people with my
particular lense of experience.

The takeaway:

If you're leading a community, valuing diverse outlooks is a critical piece of
making your community welcoming to any minority, but for me, who very rarely
sees people like me in positions of leadership, it's a sign I've found a good
group.

But that's not where our leadership ended. I helped on the diversity committee
this year, using my contacts to get in touch with a number of groups who could
partner with us and invite diverse speakers to submit proposals.

In addtion, our talk community was very focused on getting a higher percentage
of women speakers which by metric of improving the final ratio from submissions
we did great, but it's not as high as any of our team would hope.

This has continued even outside my leadership responsibilities: I've been
encouraged by both peers and mentors to spread my personal perspective to more
conferences, and I will admit I am far more likely to do so this year than in
previous years.

Over the years, I've been in many communities whose acknowledgement of how to
deal with bad actors can range from "deal with it yourself" to formal and well
defined codes of conduct.

In almost every community, bad actors will show up, and will force you to test
your standards. I have been openly called a man, or had my wellness of mind
questioned while discussing wholly unconnected topics. Some communities have
provided the benefit of the doubt to the person doing these things, and I've
been sufficiently silenced in those communities to the point of not openly
participating anymore. In others, the standards of the community, or an
explicit code of conduct was invoked quickly and the bad actors corrected, or
removed, before they could use their actions to push me from the community

All groups should be explicit about their codes of conduct, they should take
them seriously, and they should act on them.
